Add in additional details about configuring Shibboleth (#544)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/customize/authentication.md

This can be done on a per provider basis, as not every provider may receive the same level of trust for a repository.

> The `mappings` attributes are critical to getting your SAML configuration working correctly.  The values for `<attibute_email>`, `<attribute_name>`, `<attribute_surname>` and `<attribute_external_id>` are set in the `urn:oid` notation. If you are coming from an institution that uses the [eduPerson]() as what is returned from your [IdP]() you'll need to make those names into the `urn:oid` form. Example mapping of `urn:oasis` to `urn:oid` like those provided at [University of California](https://spaces.ais.ucla.edu/display/iamucladocs/Mapping+of+URN+Attributes+and+OID+Attributes) administrative information systems website may provide a clue to how your institution needs to map the SAML response from the IdP.

Reviewer: Missing links:
- `eduPerson`
- `IdP`

NOTE: In the above example the `<idp>` values do not need to be replaced. Invenio-RDM will map those internally.

##### Example configurations element

Here's an example mapping eduPerson elements to `urn:oid`. If you're not sure of your institutions mappings reach out to your IdP and search for "`eduPerson to `urn:oid`" and see what others have documented.

```
        "mappings": {
            # email mapped form eduPerson.mail
            "email": "urn:oid:0.9.2342.19200300.100.1.3",
            # name mapped from eduPerson.givenName
            "name": "urn:oid:2.5.4.42",
            # surname maps to eduPerson.sn
            "surname": "urn:oid:2.5.4.4",
            # external_id mapps to eduPerson.eduPersonPrincipalName
            # (e.g. jane.doe@example.edu)
	        "external_id": "urn:oid:1.3.6.1.4.1.5923.1.1.1.6",
        },

```

> ##### Trouble shooting SAML configuration

Reviewer: I am no native English speaker, sorry for the silly comment. Isn't it one word?
```suggestion
##### Troubleshooting SAML configuration
```

In setting up SAML integration you may run into several scenarios before you "get it right".

> What are the Invenio-RDM SP end points?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What are the InvenioRDM SP end points?
```

> : In the example above the `SSO_SAML_IDPS` is a dictionary, the attributes are the names that will be used by Invenio-RDM in the SAML interactions. In the example "remote_app" will be an end point, this is probably not ideal, if you have one IdP only you could just name that attribute "ipd", if you have several then a more descriptive attribute name might be warranted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: In the example above the `SSO_SAML_IDPS` is a dictionary, the attributes are the names that will be used by InvenioRDM in the SAML interactions. In the example "remote_app" will be an end point, this is probably not ideal, if you have one IdP only you could just name that attribute "ipd", if you have several then a more descriptive attribute name might be warranted. 
```

SSO redirects work but Invenio shows 404 on return

> : This can happen when the IdP is configured in Invenio-RDM, the IdP has authorized your SP (the running Invenio-RDM instance). If the user isn't actually "logged in" then you may also have trouble in your `mappings` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: This can happen when the IdP is configured in InvenioRDM, the IdP has authorized your SP (the running InvenioRDM instance). If the user isn't actually "logged in" then you may also have trouble in your `mappings` element.
```

> SSO redirects work, Invenio-RDM returns a dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSO redirects work, InvenioRDM returns a dashboard
```

> : It is possible to have SAML/Shibboleth work from some users and not others. This maybe cause by an incorrect `mappings`. Double check that the values needed by Invenio-RDM are getting correct responses, this can be done from checking your system logs for the running Invenio-RDM instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: It is possible to have SAML/Shibboleth work from some users and not others. This maybe cause by an incorrect `mappings`. Double check that the values needed by InvenioRDM are getting correct responses, this can be done from checking your system logs for the running InvenioRDM instance.
```
